fix dead link (#14086)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/block-api/block-edit-save.md

**I've changed my block's `save` behavior and old content now includes invalid blocks. How can I fix this?**

> Refer to the guide on [Deprecated Blocks](https://wordpress.org/gutenberg/handbook/designers-developers/developers/block-api/block-deprecation/) to learn more about how to accommodate legacy content in intentional markup changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the guide on [Deprecated Blocks](/docs/designers-developers/developers/block-api/block-deprecation.md) to learn more about how to accommodate legacy content in intentional markup changes.
```

Good catch! We should use the relative link to get this paged also linked on GitHub.

Author: cheers for sorting that
